Use `latest` documentation version link (#1170)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/maintain-cluster/pages/rolling-upgrades.adoc

* Ensure that the <<hazelcast-members-compatibility-guarantees,Compatibility Guarantees>> cover your requirements
* If the minimum version of JDK has changed between releases, <<updated-jdk,upgrade the JDK version>> before starting a rolling upgrade
* If you used Hazelcast Operator to deploy your cluster, refer to the link:https://docs.hazelcast.com/operator/latest/scaling-upgrading#upgrading[Operator documentation, window=_blank]

> * If using Hazelcast Management Center to trigger your rolling upgrade, upgrade Management Center before upgrading your members. For information on upgrading Management Center, refer to the link:https://docs.hazelcast.com/management-center/latest/getting-started/install[Management Center documentation, window=_blank], or if you deployed Management Center using the Hazelcast Operator, refer to the link:https://docs.hazelcast.com/operator/latest/deploy-management-center.adoc[Operator documentation, window=_blank]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If using Hazelcast Management Center to trigger your rolling upgrade, upgrade Management Center before upgrading your members. For information on upgrading Management Center, refer to the xref:{page-latest-supported-mc}@management-center:getting-started:install.adoc[Management Center documentation], or if you deployed Management Center using the Hazelcast Operator, refer to the https://docs.hazelcast.com/operator/latest/deploy-management-center[Hazelcast Platform Operator documentation].
```

Reviewer: Check links work but I would suggest not using the external link syntax for our own docs, especially with the new product selector on every page.
